['iPhone', ('Apple iPhone 6 64GB Unlocked Smartphone - Gold (Certified Refurbished)', ['This Certified Refurbished product has been tested and certified to work and look like new, with minimal to no signs of wear, by a specialized third-party seller approved by Amazon. The product is backed by a minimum 90-day warranty, and may arrive in a generic brown or white box. Accessories may be generic and not directly from the manufacturer.', 'Factory unlocked iPhones are GSM models and are ONLY compatible with GSM carriers like AT&T and T-Mobile as well as other GSM networks around the world. They WILL NOT WORK with CDMA carriers like Sprint, Verizon and the likes. The phone requires a nano SIM card (not included in the package).'], '$333.93', 'B00YD548Q0'), ('Apple iPhone 6 16GB Factory Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Smartphone, Space Grey (Certified Refurbished)', ['This Certified Refurbished product has been tested and certified to work and look like new, with minimal to no signs of wear, by a specialized third-party seller approved by Amazon. The product is backed by a minimum 90-day warranty, and may arrive in a generic brown or white box. Accessories may be generic and not directly from the manufacturer.', 'Factory unlocked iPhones are GSM models and are ONLY compatible with GSM carriers like AT&T and T-Mobile as well as other GSM networks around the world. They WILL NOT WORK with CDMA carriers like Sprint, Verizon and the likes. The phone requires a nano SIM card (not included in the package).'], '$299.99', 'B00YD547Q6'), ('Apple iPhone 6 16GB Factory Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Smartphone, Silver (Certified Refurbished)', ['This Certified Refurbished product has been tested and certified to work and look like new, with minimal to no signs of wear, by a specialized third-party seller approved by Amazon. The product is backed by a minimum 90-day warranty, and may arrive in a generic brown or white box. Accessories may be generic and not directly from the manufacturer.', 'Factory unlocked iPhones are GSM models and are ONLY compatible with GSM carriers like AT&T and T-Mobile as well as other GSM networks around the world. They WILL NOT WORK with CDMA carriers like Sprint, Verizon and the likes. The phone requires a nano SIM card (not included in the package).', 'Troubleshooting Tips: for optimal use perform a factory reset upon initial use and reset all settings', '4.7-inch (diagonal) LED-backlit widescreen Multi-Touch display with IPS technology', 'A8 chip with 64-bit architecture. M8 motion coprocessor'], '$277.00', 'B00YD546IA'), ('Apple iPhone 5 16GB - Unlocked - White (Certified Refurbished)', ['This Certified Refurbished product has been tested and certified to work and look like new, with minimal to no signs of wear, by a specialized third-party seller approved by Amazon. The product is backed by a minimum 90-day warranty (Apple Care Sold Separately) and may arrive in a generic brown or white box. Accessories may be generic and not directly from the manufacturer.', 'Camera: Primary - 8 MP iSight camera, 1080p HD Video / Secondary - 1.2MP FaceTime Camera', 'iOS 6, Apple A6 Processor, 16GB Memory', 'Unlocked cell phones are compatible with GSM carriers like AT&T and T-Mobile as well as with GSM SIM cards (e.g. H20, Straight Talk, and select prepaid carriers). Unlocked cell phones will not work with CDMA Carriers like Sprint, Verizon, Boost or Virgin.', '4.0 inch Retina LED-backlit IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen display'], '$146.99', 'B00WZR5ULU'), ('Apple iPhone 6S - 16GB GSM Unlocked - Rose (Certified Refurbished)', ['This Certified Refurbished product has been tested and certified to work and look like new, with minimal to no signs of wear, by a specialized third-party seller approved by Amazon. The product is backed by a minimum 90-day warranty, and may arrive in a generic brown or white box. Accessories may be generic and not directly from the manufacturer.', 'Comes with Easy to use iOS 9 with refinements at every level from the apps you see on your Home screendownto the foundation of the system', 'This Certified Refurbished product is tested and certified to look and work like new. The refurbishing process includes functionality testing, basic cleaning, inspection, and repackaging. The product ships with all relevant accessories, a minimum 90-day warranty, and may arrive in a generic box with generic accessories. Only select sellers who maintain a high performance bar may offer Certified Refurbished products on Amazon.com', 'Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi hotspot, Bluetooth: v4.2, A2DP, LE, USB: v2.0, reversible connector, GPS: with A-GPS, GLONASS', 'Browser: HTML (Safari), Messaging: iMessage, SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email. iPhone 6s is powered by the custom-designed 64-bit A9 chip.- delivers 70% more CPU performance.'], '$200.00', 'B01J8PBEUM'), ('Apple iPhone 5S 16GB GSM Unlocked, Space Gray (Certified Refurbished)', ['This Certified Refurbished item by Limitless Product shows limited or no wear, is fully operational and functions as intended. The cosmetic Grade is 4/5 and the item comes with a 1 year limited warranty by Limitless Product. The generic box kit includes a data cable & charger. SIM card and headset not included.', "There may be minor scuffs and scratches on the iPhone. It's nothing that a case or cover can't hide.", 'Factory unlocked iPhones are GSM models and are ONLY compatible with GSM carriers like AT&T and T-Mobile as well as other GSM networks around the world. They WILL NOT WORK with CDMA carriers like Sprint, Verizon and the likes. The phone requires a nano SIM card (not included in the package).'], '$167.45', 'B00YD5400Y'), ('Apple iPhone 6 16GB Factory Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Smartphone, Gold (Certified Refurbished)', ['This Certified Refurbished product has been tested and certified to work and look like new, with minimal to no signs of wear, by a specialized third-party seller approved by Amazon. The product is backed by a minimum 90-day warranty, and may arrive in a generic brown or white box. Accessories may be generic and not directly from the manufacturer.', 'Factory unlocked iPhones are GSM models and are ONLY compatible with GSM carriers like AT&T and T-Mobile as well as other GSM networks around the world. They WILL NOT WORK with CDMA carriers like Sprint, Verizon and the likes. The phone requires a nano SIM card (not included in the package).'], '$278.99', 'B00YD545CC'), ('Apple iPhone 6 64GB Factory Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Smartphone, Silver (Certified Refurbished)', ['This Certified Refurbished product has been tested and certified to work and look like new, with minimal to no signs of wear, by a specialized third-party seller approved by Amazon. The product is backed by a minimum 90-day warranty, and may arrive in a generic brown or white box. Accessories may be generic and not directly from the manufacturer.', 'Factory unlocked iPhones are GSM models and are ONLY compatible with GSM carriers like AT&T and T-Mobile as well as other GSM networks around the world. They WILL NOT WORK with CDMA carriers like Sprint, Verizon and the likes. The phone requires a nano SIM card (not included in the package).'], '$339.99', 'B00YD549VE'), ('Apple iPhone 5C White 16GB Unlocked GSM Smartphone (Certified Refurbished)', ['2G: GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900,  3G: HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100, 4G: LTE (carrier dependent)', '8 Megapixel Camera  (3264 x 2448 pixels) w/ Autofocus & LED Flash + Front-Facing 1.2 Megapixel Camera w/ FaceTime over Wi-Fi or Cellular, Video', 'iOS 7 (upgradable), Dual-Core 1.3 GHz Swift (ARM v7-based) Processor, Chipset: Apple A6, PowerVR SGX 543MP3  (triple-core graphics) Graphics', 'This Certified Refurbished product has been tested and certified to work and look like new, with minimal to no signs of wear, by a specialized third-party seller approved by Amazon. The product is backed by a minimum 90-day warranty, and may arrive in a generic brown or white box. Accessories may be generic and not directly from the  manufacturer.'], '$159.98', 'B00YD53QAE'), ('Apple iPhone 6 Plus 16GB Factory Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Smartphone, Gold (Certified Refurbished)', ['This Certified Refurbished product has been tested and certified to work and look like new, with minimal to no signs of wear, by a specialized third-party seller approved by Amazon. The product is backed by a minimum 90-day warranty, and may arrive in a generic brown or white box. Accessories may be generic and not directly from the manufacturer.', 'Factory unlocked iPhones are GSM models and are ONLY compatible with GSM carriers like AT&T and T-Mobile as well as other GSM networks around the world. They WILL NOT WORK with CDMA carriers like Sprint, Verizon and the likes. The phone requires a nano SIM card (not included in the package).'], '$385.00', 'B00YD54GG2')]